# val_linker
The VAL linker

Information below from the original VAL.TXT file may no longer be relevant
however it does mention that the source was released to public domain.


This file contains VAL, the experimental linker presented at SDC '89.
To get help on the switches, enter the command:

         val /help

The file val.hlp must be located in the same directory as the file val.exe.

This program is released to the public domain by the author on February 15,
1989 at the Software Development Conference, San Francisco, CA.  With the
understanding that there are no warranties of any sort either expressed or
implied, you may use the code in whole or part for any lawful purpose. The
author does not warrant or guarantee that this code is fit for any particular
purpose. You are under no obligation to acknowledge the author when using
this code, but you may do so if you desire.  The author neither seeks nor
desires any contributions for this code.

Should you desire to communicate with the author, the preferred method is
via the author's bulletin board, Pontchippi.  Pontchippi is an OPUS board.
You may contact it directly at 504-244-1417 or via net mail to node 390/105.
The board has a 9600 baud US Robotics Courier HST modem.  Should you contact
the board directly, access to the board is granted immediately up completion
of a very simple questionnaire.

The author wishes to acknowledge and thank Jack Purdum and Tim Leslie of
Ecosoft for their assistance and support.  In addition to Jack and Tim,
Steve Russell of SLR Systems was also of invaluable assistance. All helped
in this project by debugging and offering their expert advice and guidance.
They always had time for me seemingly whenever I requested it.

Finally, this program is dedicated to the memory of my father-in-law,
Mariano "Val" Valentino.  The only request the author makes for using the
program is that the program name be left as "VAL" in his memory.

David Troendle
New Orleans, LA
February 10, 1989
